Remote Elasticsearch cluster is not supported (#2296)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-settings.asciidoc

| When this setting is on, {agent}s use this output to send agent monitoring
data if no other output is set in the agent policy.

> Sending monitoring data to a Remote Elasticsearch is currently not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sending monitoring data to a remote {es} cluster is currently not supported.
```
